Transform BYOK Documentation (#17121)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/transform/index.mdx

Refer to the [Transform Secrets Engine](https://learn.hashicorp.com/vault/adp/transform) tutorial to learn how to use the Transform secrets engine to handle secure data transmission and tokenization against provided secrets.

## Bring Your Own Key (BYOK)

> ~> **Note:** Key import functionality supports cases in which there is a need to bring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Key import functionality supports cases where there is a need to bring
```

> in an existing key from an HSM or other outside system. It is more secure to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in an existing key from an HSM or other outside systems. It is more secure to
```

have Transit generate and manage a key within Vault.

First, the wrapping key needs to be read from the transform secrets engine:

```text
$ vault read transform/wrapping_key
```

The wrapping key will be a 4096-bit RSA public key.

> Then the wrapping key is used to create the ciphertext input for the `import` endpoint,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the wrapping key is used to create the ciphertext input for the `import` endpoint,
```

> as described below. In the below, the target key refers to the key being imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as described below. The target key refers to the key being imported.
```

### HSM

If the key is being imported from an HSM that supports PKCS#11, there are
two possible scenarios:

> - If the HSM supports the CKM_RSA_AES_KEY_WRAP mechanism, that can be used to wrap the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the HSM supports the CKM_RSA_AES_KEY_WRAP mechanism, it can be used to wrap the
```

target key using the wrapping key.

> - Otherwise, two mechanisms can be combined to wrap the target key. First, a 256-bit AES key should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Otherwise, two mechanisms can be combined to wrap the target key. First, a 256-bit AES key is
```

> be generated and then used to wrap the target key using the CKM_AES_KEY_WRAP_KWP mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generated and then used to wrap the target key using the CKM_AES_KEY_WRAP_KWP mechanism.
```

Then the AES key should be wrapped under the wrapping key using the CKM_RSA_PKCS_OAEP mechanism
using MGF1 and either SHA-1, SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384, or SHA-512.

The ciphertext is constructed by appending the wrapped target key to the wrapped AES key.

The ciphertext bytes should be base64-encoded.

### Manual Process

If the target key is not stored in an HSM or KMS, the following steps can be used to construct
the ciphertext for the input of the `import` endpoint:

> 

Reviewer: Based put these in step formatting.
1.
2.
3....
